README.md, before:

# Data Fusion Graph Feed Java SDK

[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## Overview

This is a Java SDK that can be used in your project to consume the Data Fusion Graph Feed API.

## Getting started

This SDK provides an easy way to get started quickly with the GraphFeed API. You can read more about the GraphFeed API endpoints available in the [documentation](http://graphfeed-docs.datafusion.thomsonreuters.com).

The SDK is published to Maven Central and can be used in your Maven or Gradle project by simply including the dependency.

```
compile "com.thomsonreuters:graphfeed-sdk:1.0.0"
```

Once you have the dependency installed in your project, you can start using it by creating an instance of the [GraphFeed](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/blob/master/src/main/groovy/com/thomsonreuters/graphfeed/sdk/GraphFeed.groovy) class with your OAuth credentials.

## Contribution Guidelines

[Individual Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/raw/master/individual-contributor-license-agreement.pdf)

## Issue Management

Please report all issues and feature request using [GitHub issues](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/issues).

Commit message:

Update contributing notes in readme

README.md, after:

# Data Fusion Graph Feed Java SDK

[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

## Overview

This is a Java SDK that can be used in your project to consume the Data Fusion Graph Feed API.

## Getting started

This SDK provides an easy way to get started quickly with the GraphFeed API. You can read more about the GraphFeed API endpoints available in the [documentation](http://graphfeed-docs.datafusion.thomsonreuters.com).

The SDK is published to Maven Central and can be used in your Maven or Gradle project by simply including the dependency.

```
compile "com.thomsonreuters:graphfeed-sdk:1.0.0"
```

Once you have the dependency installed in your project, you can start using it by creating an instance of the [GraphFeed](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/blob/master/src/main/groovy/com/thomsonreuters/graphfeed/sdk/GraphFeed.groovy) class with your OAuth credentials.

## Contributing

In the event you would like to contribute to this repository, it is required that you read and sign the following:

* [Individual Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/raw/master/individual-contributor-license-agreement.pdf)
* [Entity Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/raw/master/entity-contributor-license-agreement.pdf)

Please email a signed and scanned copy to sdkagreement@thomsonreuters.com. If you require that a signed agreement has to be physically mailed to us, please email the request for a mailing address and we will get back to you on where you can send the signed documents.

## Issue Management

Please report all issues and feature request using [GitHub issues](https://github.com/thomsonreuters/datafusion-graphfeed-java-sdk/issues).
